[]

-   Skip to main content

[AAAI]

AAAI

Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

Menu

-   -   

    -   [AAAI]
        AAAI

        Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

Menu

-   

-   [About AAAI]About AAAI
    -   News
    -   Officers and Committees
    -   Staff
    -   Bylaws
    -   Awards
        -   Fellows Program
        -   Classic Paper Award
        -   Dissertation Award
        -   Distinguished Service Award
        -   Allen Newell Award
        -   Outstanding Paper Award
        -   AI for Humanity Award
        -   Feigenbaum Prize
        -   Patrick Henry Winston Outstanding Educator Award
        -   Engelmore Award
        -   AAAI ISEF Awards
        -   Senior Member Status
        -   Conference Awards
    -   Partnerships
    -   Resources
    -   Mailing Lists
    -   Past Presidential Addresses
    -   AAAI 2025 Presidential Panel on the Future of AI Research
    -   Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures
    -   Past Policy Reports
        -   The Role of Intelligent Systems in the National Information
            Infrastructure (1995)
        -   A Report to ARPA on Twenty-First Century Intelligent
            Systems (1994)
    -   Logos

-   [aaai-icon_ethics-diversity-line-yellow]Ethics & Plurality

-   [Conference talk bubble]Conferences & Symposia
    -   AAAI Conference
    -   AIES AAAI/ACM
    -   AIIDE
    -   EAAI
    -   HCOMP
    -   IAAI
    -   ICWSM
    -   Spring Symposia
    -   Summer Symposia
    -   Fall Symposia
    -   Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events

-   [Publications]Publications
    -   AI Magazine
    -   Conference Proceedings
    -   AAAI Publication Policies & Guidelines
    -   Request to Reproduce Copyrighted Materials
    -   Contribute
    -   Order Proceedings

-   [aaai-icon_ai-magazine-line-yellow]AI Magazine

-   [Membership]Membership
    -   Member Login
    -   Chapters
    -   Call for Proposals: AAAI-Sponsored “AIx” Pop-Up Events Worldwide

-   

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   [Career Center]AI Jobs

-   [aaai-icon_ai-topics-line-yellow]AITopics

-   [aaai-icon_contact-line-yellow]Contact

-   

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Twitter

-   Facebook

-   LinkedIn

Home / Conferences / AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence /
AAAI-27 /

May 14, 2026

[]

The 41st Annual AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

February 16 – February 23, 2027 | Montréal, Canada

[]

-   AAAI-27
-   EAAI-27
-   IAAI-27
-   Attend
    -   Student Scholar Volunteer Program
-   Calls
    -   Main Technical Track
    -   Doctoral Consortium
    -   EAAI-27
    -   Journal Track
    -   IAAI-27
    -   New Faculty Highlights
    -   Senior Member Presentation Track
    -   Special Track on AI for Social Impact

AAAI-27 Author Kit

Main Conference Timetable for Authors

Note: all deadlines are “anywhere on earth” (UTC-12)

June 17, 2026
OpenReview submission site opens for author registration

June 30, 2026
OpenReview submission site opens for paper submission

July 21, 2026
Abstracts due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

July 28, 2026
Full papers due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

July 31, 2026
Supplementary material and code due by 11:59 PM UTC-12

September 24, 2026
Notification of Phase 1 rejections

October 19-25, 2026
Author feedback window

November 30, 2026
Notification of final acceptance or rejection
(Main Technical Track)

December 14, 2026~~
~~Submission of camera-ready files
(Main Technical Track)

February 16-23, 2027
AAAI-27 Conference

Note: Deadlines are track-specific and may differ from those
listed above. Track-specific deadlines are listed on their respective
CFP.

Main Technical Track: Call for Papers

Jump to Detailed Instructions

We are pleased to announce the Forty-First AAAI Conference on Artificial
Intelligence (AAAI-27), which will be held in Montréal, Canada, from
February 16 to February 23, 2027.

The purpose of the AAAI conference series is to promote research in
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and foster scientific exchange between
researchers, practitioners, scientists, students, and engineers across
the entirety of AI and its affiliated disciplines. AAAI-27 is the
Forty-First AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence. As with AAAI-26,
the theme of this conference is to create collaborative bridges within
and beyond AI. In addition to the bridge theme, we emphasize the
importance of AI for social impact and responsible AI. Like the 2026
edition of the AAAI conference, AAAI-27 will feature technical paper
presentations, special tracks, invited speakers, workshops, tutorials,
poster sessions, senior member presentations, competitions, and
exhibition programs, and two other activities: a Bridge Program and a
Lab Program. Many of these activities are tailored to the theme of
bridges and are selected according to the highest standards, with
additional programs for students and young researchers.

AAAI-27 is an in-person conference.

Summary

-   Three technical tracks (Main Track; AI for Social Impact; AI
    Alignment)
-   Two-phase reviewing for the Main Track:
    -   Phase 1: Two reviews supplemented by one AI-generated,
        non-decisional review.
    -   Phase 2: Additional reviews for papers not rejected in Phase 1.
    -   Author response after Phase 2, only for papers not rejected in
        Phase 1.
    -   Metareview and disposition decision after author response
        period.
-   Submissions are limited to 7 pages of main content, with a maximum
    total length of 9 pages. Any pages beyond page 7 are reserved
    exclusively for references.
-   Authors may submit supplementary material, but please note that
    reviewers are not required to review this material. Any material
    critical to the evaluation of the paper should be included in the
    main body of the paper. Three kinds of supplementary material may be
    submitted alongside all papers: (1) technical supplement; (2)
    multimedia archive; and (3) code and data archive. The supplementary
    material deadline is 3 days after the paper submission deadline.
-   All authors must complete a reproducibility checklist to facilitate
    replication of the reported research.
-   All qualified authors are required to be available to review (light
    load), unless extenuating circumstances apply.

Timetable for Authors

Please see the timetable in the sidebar.

Appropriate use of Generative AI by Authors

Authors may judiciously use generative AI tools, such as large language
models and image generators, in preparing their scholarly manuscripts.
However, authors remain fully responsible for all submitted material,
which must comply with the AAAI Code of Professional Ethics and Conduct
and the AAAI Publications Policies and Guidelines. Any instances of
plagiarism (for example, unattributed or reproduced text), non-existent
references, or other violations of the Code will be subject to
appropriate sanctions.

AAAI Ethics Violations Statement

The AAAI Executive Council has established a subcommittee on violations
to adjudicate cases of ethical violations that are identified and
brought before them during the paper review process. Examples of
punishable ethics violations include

-   plagiarism of the work of others,
-   self- plagiarism,
-   parallel near-duplicate submissions (variants rewritten via LLM or
    cosmetic rewrites to obtain “multiple lottery tickets”),
-   parallel duplicate submissions (without rewriting or effort to
    obfuscate),
-   prompt-injection attacks on the AAAI review system (attempt to cause
    LLM or system to leak, bias, reassign, or reveal content),
-   seeking or arranging reciprocal reviewing to inflate scores
    (explicit coordination or evidence of non-accidental coordinated
    bidding and/or reviewing behavior),
-   fabricating reviewer identities / sock-puppet accounts to review
    one’s own paper,
-   other forms of covert resubmission or “shotgun” submissions with
    intent to circumvent limits on number of submissions,
-   coercion directed at AAAI reviewers, senior program committee
    members, associate program chairs, ethics chairs, or program chairs
    by an author or co-author of a submission

The violations subcommittee has been empowered to impose penalties
ranging from desk rejection of papers to multi-year bans from
participation in AAAI conferences including but not limited to the
offending authors or area chairs.

Multiple Submissions Policy

AAAI welcomes submissions presenting distinct scientific contributions.
Each submission should represent a distinct scientific contribution that
stands on its own merits with respect to any other simultaneously
submitted paper involving an overlapping set of authors.

Authors may be listed on at most 10 AAAI-27 submissions.

AAAI-27 does not permit simultaneous submission of papers involving an
overlapping set of authors that do not constitute distinct scientific
contributions, whether submitted to AAAI-27 or another archival
conference or journal. Papers involving an overlapping set of authors
may be considered together in the assessment of novelty. If publishing
one paper would render another paper insufficiently novel or
incremental, the AAAI-27 submission may be summarily rejected as
violating AAAI’s multiple-submission policy.

Authors should combine closely related ideas into a single, stronger
paper. See the Submission Instructions for the complete policy and
examples.

AI-Assisted Peer-Review Process

For AAAI-27, AAAI will continue the AI-Assisted Peer Review Pilot. The
goal of the pilot is to better understand whether and how AI can be used
responsibly and effectively in the AAAI review process, while
incorporating feedback from authors, reviewers, and other participants
to identify lessons for the broader community. The AI review system for
AAAI-27 will be revised based on feedback and analysis from the AAAI-26
pilot. AAAI will continue to rely solely on humans for paper decisions,
in compliance with the AAAI Code of Professional Ethics and Conduct and
the AAAI Publications Policies and Guidelines. The pilot program will
provide supplementary information in the form of AI-generated reviews
and summaries that do not contain any ratings or recommendations.
AI-generated supplementary reviews will not play any formal role in the
review process, except being visible to the assigned reviewers (after
they submit their own reviews), area chairs, and appropriate members of
the Program Committee during the paper discussion phase. In addition,
AI-generated summaries of reviewer discussions will also be used to
assist Senior Program Committee members in their decision making.

As with previous AAAI conferences, AAAI-27 will follow a two-phase
reviewing process.  In previous years, this two-phase process consisted
of at least two reviews of each submitted manuscript during Phase 1
followed by additional reviews for manuscripts selected to continue to
Phase 2 review and consideration for acceptance by the conference.  This
year, the human-written reviews in Phase 1 will be complemented by an
additional AI-generated review (as a uniquely identified AI-generated
Supplementary First-Stage Review). A Senior Program Committee (SPC)
member, under the auspices of an Area Chair (AC) and the Program Chairs,
will make a decision based on the reviews and human-generated ratings to
decide whether the paper proceeds to Phase 2. For papers rejected in
Phase 1, authors will immediately be able to see their reviews,
including the AI-generated review.

If the paper proceeds to Phase 2, additional human-written reviews will
be provided followed by an opportunity for authors to respond to the
reviews.  During the author response phase, all reviews, including the
AI-generated review, will become visible to the reviewers and the
authors. Authors may address their response to all of the provided
reviews, including the AI-generated review.  A Senior Program Committee
(SPC) member in Phase 2 will make recommendations for paper decisions
based on all reviews, the author response, and discussion among the
reviewers.  The SPC will have access to AI-generated Discussion Summary
Assistance to help highlight key points of consensus and disagreement
among human reviewers.

No human reviewers are being replaced by AI reviewing.  No human
decision making is being replaced by AI decision making.

Privacy and Data Protection

The AAAI-27 AI review process will implement privacy controls to ensure:

-   All paper content and reviewer information will remain confidential.
-   No paper content will be used for LLM training.
-   Papers will not be repurposed for any use beyond generating the
    intended reviews and summaries.
-    Complete compliance with all data protection regulations.

​Collaborative Bridge Theme

Driven by its disciplinary diversity, AAAI has incubated numerous AI
sub-disciplines and conferences, and for decades has nurtured the
cohesion of AI. New communities often emerge when two or more
disciplines come together in order to explore new opportunities and
perspectives; today, both are plentiful. The purpose of this year’s
Bridge Program is to tap into new sources of innovation by cultivating
collaboration between two or more communities directed towards a common
goal. Our interpretation of bridges is broad and encompasses disciplines
within and outside of AI. Hence, our Bridge Program is intended to bring
together both distinct subfields of AI, such as planning and learning,
as well as other disciplines that contribute to and benefit from AI,
such as AI and the humanities.

Topics

AAAI-27 welcomes submissions reporting research that advances artificial
intelligence, broadly conceived. The conference scope includes machine
learning, natural language processing, computer vision, data mining,
multiagent systems, knowledge representation, human-in-the-loop AI,
search, planning, reasoning, robotics and perception, and ethics. In
addition to fundamental work focused on any one of these areas, we
expressly encourage work that cuts across technical areas of AI (e.g.,
machine learning and computer vision; robotics and multiagent systems,
computer vision and natural language processing; or machine learning and
planning), bridges between AI and a related research area (e.g.,
neuroscience; cognitive science), or develops AI techniques in the
context of important application domains, such as healthcare,
sustainability, transportation, and commerce.

The set of AAAI-27 keywords is available on the AAAI-27 Areas and topics
page. The author’s guide for choosing the best keywords describes
important considerations in selecting keywords for a paper.

Most papers in AAAI-27 are expected to be part of the main track. All
main track papers will be reviewed according to the same criteria and
via the same process. This conference has two special tracks, which
focus on AI for Social Impact, and AI Alignment. Papers in the special
tracks will be reviewed according to a different evaluation rubric than
papers in the main track. The same reviewing schedule will be followed
for all papers.

Special Track on AI for Social Impact

As in past years, AAAI-27 will include a special track on AI for Social
Impact (AISI). Submissions to this track will be reviewed according to a
rubric that emphasizes the fit between the techniques used and a problem
of social importance, rather than simply rewarding technical novelty. In
particular, reviewers will assess the significance of the addressed
problem; the paper’s engagement with previous literature on the
application problem (whether in the AI literature or elsewhere); both
novelty of and justification for the proposed AI-based approach; quality
of evaluation; facilitation of follow-up work; and overall scope and
promise for social impact. Further details will follow soon.

Further details are available at the AISI page.

Special Track on AI Alignment

The 2027 AI Alignment track seeks research on scalable oversight,
mechanistic interpretability, empirical robustness evaluation,
red-teaming, human cognitive and psychological factors, and
safe-by-design engineering—including formal safety cases. We welcome
work on transparent governance frameworks, economic incentives,
institutional accountability, human-centered modeling and evaluation,
and pluralistic coordination methods that enable AI systems to manage
conflicting human values and foster international cooperation through
shared evaluation standards. Submissions must state their contributions
and relevance to the track clearly; papers that release open datasets,
reproducible code, or practical evaluation tools are especially
encouraged. Reviewing will emphasize technical correctness, appropriate
coverage of related work, and relevance to the track.

Review Criteria

AAAI is a highly selective conference. Prospective authors are therefore
strongly encouraged to submit only their very best work to AAAI.

All submissions will be rigorously evaluated by expert reviewers to
assess whether the contributions of the paper are substantive enough to
warrant publication in AAAI.

The contributions may be theoretical, methodological, algorithmic,
empirical, integrative (connecting ideas and methods across disparate
subfields of AI), or critical (e.g., principled analyses and arguments
that draw attention to problematic choice of goals, assumptions, or
approaches).

All submissions will be evaluated and scored for the significance and
novelty of the contributions (research problems or questions addressed,
methods, experiments, analyses), theoretical and/or empirical soundness
of the claims, their relevance to the AAAI community, and clarity of
exposition.

Additional considerations include adherence to responsible research
practices (e.g., with respect to human subject studies, use of sensitive
data, as well as data and algorithmic bias), and of steps to ensure
reproducibility of research results (e.g., by providing detailed proofs,
documenting experiments, sharing data, and sharing code).

Solid technical papers that explore new territory or point out new
directions for research, introduce new problems, address research
questions, or introduce methods that are of interest beyond a single
sub-area of AI are preferred to papers that advance the state of the
art, but only incrementally, or only within a narrow sub-area of AI.

Detailed Instructions

More specific details are on the following pages:

-   Affiliated Events
-   Submission Instructions
-   AAAI-27 Author Kit
-   Areas and Topics
-   Supplementary material
-   Review process
-   AI for Social Impact Track
-   Paper Modification Guidelines
-   Paper Publication and Conference Attendance

Questions and Suggestions

Inquiries about the submission process and the conference program should
be sent to workflowchairs@aaai.zendesk.com. Our team of workflow chairs
will directly answer questions or forward as appropriate.

Categories: AAAI Conference

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience
by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept
All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit
"Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.

Cookie SettingsAccept All

Manage consent

[] Close

Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the
working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party
cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website.
These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You
also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some
of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security
features of the website, anonymously.

  Cookie                               Duration    Description
  ------------------------------------ ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics     11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional    11 months   The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary     11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-others        11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance   11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
  viewed_cookie_policy                 11 months   The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.

Functional

Functional

Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing
the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks,
and other third-party features.

Performance

Performance

Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key
performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better
user experience for the visitors.

Analytics

Analytics

Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the
website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of
visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and
marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and
collect information to provide customized ads.

Others

Others

Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have
not been classified into a category as yet.

SAVE & ACCEPT

We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.

You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them
off in settings.

Accept

Close GDPR Cookie Settings

[AAAI]

-   Privacy Overview
-   Strictly Necessary Cookies

Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance

Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user
experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and
performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our
website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website
you find most interesting and useful.

Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can
save your preferences for cookie settings.

Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled

Enable All

Save Settings
