[]

-   Skip to main content

[AAAI]

AAAI

Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

Menu

-   -   

    -   [AAAI]
        AAAI

        Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

Menu

-   

-   [About AAAI]About AAAI
    -   News
    -   Officers and Committees
    -   Staff
    -   Bylaws
    -   Awards
        -   Fellows Program
        -   Classic Paper Award
        -   Dissertation Award
        -   Distinguished Service Award
        -   Allen Newell Award
        -   Outstanding Paper Award
        -   AI for Humanity Award
        -   Feigenbaum Prize
        -   Patrick Henry Winston Outstanding Educator Award
        -   Engelmore Award
        -   AAAI ISEF Awards
        -   Senior Member Status
        -   Conference Awards
    -   Partnerships
    -   Resources
    -   Mailing Lists
    -   Past Presidential Addresses
    -   AAAI 2025 Presidential Panel on the Future of AI Research
    -   Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures
    -   Past Policy Reports
        -   The Role of Intelligent Systems in the National Information
            Infrastructure (1995)
        -   A Report to ARPA on Twenty-First Century Intelligent
            Systems (1994)
    -   Logos

-   [aaai-icon_ethics-diversity-line-yellow]Ethics & Plurality

-   [Conference talk bubble]Conferences & Symposia
    -   AAAI Conference
    -   AIES AAAI/ACM
    -   AIIDE
    -   EAAI
    -   HCOMP
    -   IAAI
    -   ICWSM
    -   Spring Symposia
    -   Summer Symposia
    -   Fall Symposia
    -   Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events

-   [Publications]Publications
    -   AI Magazine
    -   Conference Proceedings
    -   AAAI Publication Policies & Guidelines
    -   Request to Reproduce Copyrighted Materials
    -   Contribute
    -   Order Proceedings

-   [aaai-icon_ai-magazine-line-yellow]AI Magazine

-   [Membership]Membership
    -   Member Login
    -   Chapters
    -   Call for Proposals: AAAI-Sponsored “AIx” Pop-Up Events Worldwide

-   

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   [Career Center]AI Jobs

-   [aaai-icon_ai-topics-line-yellow]AITopics

-   [aaai-icon_contact-line-yellow]Contact

-   

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Twitter

-   Facebook

-   LinkedIn

Home / Conferences / AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence /
AAAI-27 /

June 30, 2026

[]

The 41st Annual AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

February 16 – February 23, 2027 | Montréal, Canada

[]

-   AAAI-27
-   EAAI-27
-   IAAI-27
-   Attend
    -   Student Scholar Volunteer Program
-   Calls
    -   Main Technical Track
    -   Doctoral Consortium
    -   EAAI-27
    -   Journal Track
    -   IAAI-27
    -   New Faculty Highlights
    -   Senior Member Presentation Track
    -   Special Track on AI for Social Impact

AAAI-27 Author Kit

Main Conference Timetable for Authors

Note: all deadlines are “anywhere on earth” (UTC-12)

June 17, 2026
OpenReview submission site opens for author registration

June 30, 2026
OpenReview submission site opens for paper submission

July 21, 2026
Abstracts due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

July 28, 2026
Full papers due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

July 31, 2026
Supplementary material and code due by 11:59 PM UTC-12

September 24, 2026
Notification of Phase 1 rejections

October 19-25, 2026
Author feedback window

November 30, 2026
Notification of final acceptance or rejection
(Main Technical Track)

December 14, 2026~~
~~Submission of camera-ready files
(Main Technical Track)

February 16-23, 2027
AAAI-27 Conference

Note: Deadlines are track-specific and may differ from those
listed above. Track-specific deadlines are listed on their respective
CFP.

Supplementary Material

Submissions must not contain pointers to supplementary material on the
web, as this may violate both blind review and the policy that
submissions cannot be changed after they are made available to
reviewers. However, authors have the option of submitting supplementary
material in support of their submissions. Authors must be very careful
not to violate the double blind review requirements in any supplementary
material to prevent their paper from being summarily rejected. All such
material is due no later than July 31.

Authors can include one or more of the following:

1.  A Supplementary Document (PDF) — Additional technical material
    supporting the paper, such as proofs, derivations, experimental
    details, dataset descriptions, or extended results.
2.  A Supplementary Media Archive (ZIP) — Images, audio, video
    demonstrations, animations, or other multimedia content supporting
    the paper.
3.  A Supplementary Code and Data Package (ZIP) — Source code, scripts,
    data, and instructions intended to help reviewers assess the
    reproducibility of the paper’s claims.

During review, the purpose of supplementary material is to assist
reviewers. Authors are encouraged to share the supplementary material
upon paper acceptance.

Supplementary Document

The length of main submissions is strictly limited, as already
described. Authors may optionally submit a supplementary document (PDF)
containing additional supporting information such as proofs of theorems
that are stated in the main paper; additional information needed to
reproduce experiments; further experimental results; figures and
examples to illustrate technical claims; etc. The main submission may
reference the supplementary material, but should be self contained.
Reviewers will be instructed to make their acceptance evaluations based
on the main submission, and will not be obliged to consult the
supplementary material. If proofs or other supplementary matter are an
important part of the contribution, their essential elements should be
included in the main paper.

Categories: AAAI Conference

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience
by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept
All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit
"Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.

Cookie SettingsAccept All

Manage consent

[] Close

Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the
working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party
cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website.
These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You
also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some
of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security
features of the website, anonymously.

  Cookie                               Duration    Description
  ------------------------------------ ----------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics     11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional    11 months   The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary     11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-others        11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
  cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance   11 months   This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
  viewed_cookie_policy                 11 months   The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.

Functional

Functional

Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing
the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks,
and other third-party features.

Performance

Performance

Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key
performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better
user experience for the visitors.

Analytics

Analytics

Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the
website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of
visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and
marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and
collect information to provide customized ads.

Others

Others

Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have
not been classified into a category as yet.

SAVE & ACCEPT

We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.

You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them
off in settings.

Accept

Close GDPR Cookie Settings

[AAAI]

-   Privacy Overview
-   Strictly Necessary Cookies

Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance

Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user
experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and
performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our
website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website
you find most interesting and useful.

Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can
save your preferences for cookie settings.

Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled

Enable All

Save Settings
